reference: fix 6 broken links (#1519)
pingcap/docs: v3.0/reference/tools/tidb-binlog/tidb-binlog-kafka.md

    To guarantee the integrity of data, perform the following operations 10 minutes after Pump is started:

>     - Use binlogctl to generate the `position` for the initial start of Drainer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Use [`binlogctl`](/v3.0/how-to/get-started/tidb-binlog.md#binlogctl) to generate the `position` for the initial start of Drainer.
```

>     - Use [`binlogctl`](/v3.0/how-to/get-started/tidb-binlog.md#binlogctl) to generate the `position` for the initial start of Drainer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Use [binlogctl](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-tools/tree/release-2.1/tidb-binlog/binlogctl) of the [tidb-tools](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-tools) project to generate the `position` for the initial start of Drainer.
```
